today I'm gonna be doing some low bar
squats with raps
I've already started warming up and I've
got 155 kilograms on the bar something I
like to do with my equipment is start
early my goal is to get a lot heavier
than that but what I mean by start early
is I like to feel the equipment from the
warm-up sets all the way through the top
sets so I'm used to the exact technique
that I'm going to be using for my top
set but when I'm warming up I use a
lighter up than when I'm doing my top
sets and I'm gonna show you exactly how
I'll use a lighter rap to do my warm-up
raps for my lighter squats come and
check it out
okay so this is a two and a half meter
wrap it's no brand in particular it's
really soft and really comfortable and
the way that I wrap up is very simple I
start just under my patella not too far
down if you go too far down you end up
cramping in the calves so just under the
patella anchor the first wrap and then
I'm going to go halfway over the wrap
that's that's how high up I go so that's
the second revolution third revolution
and fourth revolution so that's four up
and then I come back down fifth
revolution sixth revolution so really
really light really really simple wrap
and I like to wrap outwards now I'll
show you on my other leg exactly the
same technique but in the other
direction so I start just under my
kneecap or the patella anchor the first
revolution that's anchored now halfway
up the wrap is how high up I go for each
revolution that's two three four
revolutions up which is really good
coverage for exactly where I need to be
protected no gaps within the wraps and
then two down so that's five and six and
you want it nice and neat and nice and
symmetrical for each revolution and then
we tie off that is a very comfortable
easy wrap come and check out my squat
now I can still bend my knees very
easily with this
you
I'm going to show you how I wrap my
knees with the heavy-duty wraps for the
heavier squats check it out
anchor the first revolution and then I
still like to go for revolutions up
that's the second half of the rap is the
thickness of the height that I like to
go and that's number four this is four
revolutions to create a nice solid base
not too low that it gets out of the calf
because that'll create an injury
potentially I've seen people really
injure their calves when they go too low
now the calves cramp up don't do that X
over the patella so the center of the X
that's exactly where my kneecap is so
that's six revolutions now from here
straight over the top and then one more
in the center that's eight revolutions
okay same thing just some of the patella
get the first revolution anchor it I
like to make this nice and tight as well
first revolution if you go to lows loose
on that you're going to lose a lot of
the wrap so nice and tight for each
revolution thickness half the thickness
of the revolution each time I go up
that's four revolutions up x over the
patella that's number seven right at the
top and number eight directly in the
center and tie off that's eight
revolutions very tight very strong wrap
but I still like to go tighter as I go
ahead yeah okay
what have we got on the bus hundred and
thirty kilograms
you